[Skip to main content](https://api.bog.ge/docs/en/payments/standard-process/create-order#docusaurus_skipToContent_fallback)

To place an order request, businesses must send payment details, technical specifications, and the amount to be paid to the online payment server. If the process is successful, the customer should be redirected to the online payment page at the `redirect` address returned to the `_link` parameter to complete the payment.

### Header parameters [​](https://api.bog.ge/docs/en/payments/standard-process/create-order\#header-parameters "Direct link to Header parameters")

#### Content-Typerequired`application/json`

#### Authorizationrequired`Basic <base64>`

`Bearer <jwt_token>`, where `jwt_token` is the token returned in the `access_token` parameter of the authentication method response.

#### Idempotency-Keyoptional`UUID v4`

The Idempotency-Key parameter should be unique for each new API request.
Subsequent requests to the same API endpoint with the same Idempotency-Key header will result in the server returning the same status code and response body as the initial request.
This functionality is particularly useful to ensure consistent outcome in scenarios where network issues or retries may lead to duplicate requests.

#### Accept-Languageoptional`string`

The language of the interface that the customer will see when redirected to the online payment page. The possible values are:

- `ka` \- Georgian (default)
- `en` \- English.

#### Themeoptional`string`

The theme of the interface that the customer will see when redirected to the online payment page. The possible values are:

- `light` \- Light (default)
- `dark` \- Dark.

### Body parameters [​](https://api.bog.ge/docs/en/payments/standard-process/create-order\#body-parameters "Direct link to Body parameters")

#### application\_typeoptional`"web" | "mobile"`

Defines the type of application from which the order was created. This parameter is used specifically when an order is created using Apple Pay, directly from the merchant's webpage or mobile application. `application_type` has two values:

- `web` \- For orders created from a webpage.
- `mobile` \- For orders created from a mobile application.

#### buyeroptional`object`

Information about the buyer.

#### buyer.full\_nameoptional`string`

The buyer's name and surname.

#### buyer.masked\_emailoptional`string`

The buyer's masked email address.

#### buyer.masked\_phoneoptional`string`

The buyer's masked phone number.

#### callback\_urlrequired`string`

The web address of the business (must be HTTPS), which will be automatically called by the bank upon completion of the payment to provide the business with the payment details (via Callback).

#### external\_order\_idoptional`string`

The payment identifier from the business system (e.g., the purchase basket identifier).

#### captureoptional`"automatic" | "manual"`

The transaction type takes two values:

- `automatic` \- creation of a standard order, payment will be made without pre-authorization, and the amount will be immediately withdrawn from the customer’s account.
- `manual` \- after payment, the amount on the customer’s account will be blocked and will not be available for the customer. To complete the payment, it is necessary to use the pre-authorization completing method and confirm/reject the transaction. If this operation is not performed within 30 days, the amount will be automatically unblocked and will be available again for the customer. This feature can only be used when paying through Apple Pay, Google Pay or by a card.

#### purchase\_unitsrequired`object`

The purchase information.

#### purchase\_units.basketrequired`array`

A basket of products or services purchased within a given payment in a business.

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].product\_idrequired`string`

The purchased product/service identifier in the business system.

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].descriptionoptional`string`

The name (description) of the purchased product/service.

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].quantityrequired`number`

The quantity (volume) of each product/service. The minimum value is 1.

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].unit\_pricerequired`number`

The purchased product/service unit price.

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].unit\_discount\_priceoptional`number`

The volume of the deducted amount on the product/service unit in case of discount payment.

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].vatoptional`number`

The value added tax (VAT) of the purchased product/service.

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].vat\_percentoptional`number`

The percentage of value added tax (VAT) of the purchased product/service.

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].total\_priceoptional`number`

The total price of the purchased product/service.

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].imageoptional`string`

The web address of the product/service image.

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].package\_codeoptional`string`

The product code of the purchased product/service.

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].tinoptional`string`

The taxpayer identification number (TIN).

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].pinfloptional`string`

The personal identification number of an individual (PINFL).

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].product\_discount\_idoptional`string`

Product discount identifier. If a discount promotion is registered in the bank with the provided value, taking into account the terms of the discount, the corresponding promotion will be applied to the order.

#### purchase\_units.deliveryoptional`object`

Information about the delivery service.

#### purchase\_units.delivery.amountoptional`number`

The delivery fee.

#### purchase\_units.total\_amountrequired`number`

The full amount is to be paid.

#### purchase\_units.total\_discount\_amountoptional`number`

The reduced amount in case of payment with a discount.

#### purchase\_units.currencyoptional`string`

The currency in which payment is made:

- `GEL` \- Georgian Lari (default)
- `USD` \- US dollar
- `EUR` \- Euro
- `GBP` \- British pound.

#### redirect\_urlsoptional`object`

The business web addresses that customers can be redirected to from the online payment system upon completion of the payment.

#### redirect\_urls.successoptional`string`

The web address in the case of successful completion of the transaction. If it is empty, the customer will remain on the online payments page and a corresponding receipt will be shown.

#### redirect\_urls.failoptional`string`

The web address in the case of unsuccessful completion of the transaction. If it is empty, the customer will remain on the online payments page and a corresponding receipt will be shown.

#### ttloptional`number`

Specifies the duration of the order lifespan in minutes (the number of minutes a customer will be able to pay). The logic of this parameter can vary depending on the business's industry. The minimum value is 2 minutes, and the maximum is 1440 minutes (24 hours). If this parameter is left empty, the system defaults to 15 minutes.

#### payment\_methodoptional`array`

The payment methods that a customer can use to pay for the order. The business must have all the methods it provides here activated. If the parameter is left empty, upon redirecting a customer to the online payment page, they will be able to use all the payment methods available for the business. The possible values are:

- `card` \- payment by a bank card
- `google_pay` \- payment through Google Pay and by a bank card (in the case of providing this option, the customer will be able to pay both by Google Pay and a bank card. The Business must have both payment methods activated)
- `apple_pay` \- payment through Apple Pay and by a bank card (in the case of providing this option, the customer will be able to pay both by Apple Pay and a bank card. The Business must have both payment methods activated)
- `bog_p2p` \- transferring by the BoG, internet, or mobile bank user
- `bog_loyalty` \- payment by the BoG MR/Plus points
- `bnpl` \- payment with Buy Now Pay Later plan
- `bog_loan` \- standard bank installment plan
- `gift_card` \- payment with a gift card

#### configoptional`object`

Configuration of a specific payment.

#### config.loanoptional`object`

Payment configuration. Transmission of a parameter is necessary if you wish the payment to be made only by installment plan ("payment\_method":\["bog\_loan"\]) or only by bnpl ("payment\_method":\["bnpl"\]).

#### config.loan.typeoptional`string`

Discount code of the installment/bnpl (the value of the discount\_code parameter returned by the calculator).

#### config.loan.monthoptional`number`

Duration of the installment/bnpl in months (the value of the month parameter returned by the calculator).

#### config.campaignoptional`object`

Duration of the installment/bnpl in months (the value of the month parameter returned by the calculator).

#### config.campaign.cardoptional`string`

A card type, to which the discount applies to:

- `visa` \- Visa
- `mc` \- MasterCard
- `solo` \- SOLO card

#### config.campaign.typeoptional`string`

Discount type:

- `restrict` \- card type restriction
- `client_discount` \- discount on a specific card type

#### config.google\_payoptional`object`

Payment configuration. Transmission of a parameter is necessary if you wish to make Google Pay payment from your own webpage.

#### config.google\_pay.google\_pay\_tokenoptional`string`

Full string representing the encrypted Google Pay payment details. It must include all nested fields as received from the Google Pay SDK without modification or truncation.

#### config.google\_pay.externaloptional`boolean`

- `true` \- payment is initiated from the Google Pay button on business' webpage
- `false` \- Payment is initiated from the bank's webpage (default).

#### config.apple\_payoptional`object`

Payment configuration. This parameter is necessary if you wish to enable Apple Pay payments from your own webpage.

#### config.apple\_pay.externaloptional`boolean`

- `true` -Payment is initiated from the Apple Pay button on the business's webpage.
- `false` \- Payment is initiated from the bank's webpage (default).

#### config.accountoptional`object`

Payment configuration: This object is necessary if you have configured multiple e-commerce POS terminals in the same currency. It allows you to group payments based on business needs or settle payments on different business bank accounts.

#### config.account.tagoptional`string`

E-commerce POS identifier. If provided tag does not match with POS configuration or tag was not provided, the operation will default to the default POS terminal and its corresponding payment account. Note: It is important to agree upon tag values when configuring additional ecommerce POS terminal.

- CURL

```codeBlockLines_e6Vv
curl -X POST 'https://api.bog.ge/payments/v1/ecommerce/orders' \
-H 'Accept-Language: ka' \
-H 'Authorization: Bearer <token>' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "callback_url": "https://example.com/callback",
    "external_order_id": "id123",
    "purchase_units": {
        "currency": "GEL",
        "total_amount": 1,
        "basket": [\
            {\
                "quantity": 1,\
                "unit_price": 1,\
                "product_id": "product123"\
            }\
        ]
    },
    "redirect_urls": {
        "fail": "https://example.com/fail",
        "success": "https://example.com/success"
    }
}'

```

### Response [​](https://api.bog.ge/docs/en/payments/standard-process/create-order\#response "Direct link to Response")

#### id`string`

Order identifier.

#### \_links`object`

The web resource addresses are used in the further stages of the payment process. At the moment two resources are returned:

#### \_links.details.href`string`

The address of the payment details can be used to obtain information on the online payment.

#### \_links.redirect.href`string`

The web page address, which a customer shall be redirected to in order to enter a plastic card or online banking details and complete the process.

- RESPONSE

```codeBlockLines_e6Vv
{
    "id": "{order_id}",
    "_links": {
        "details": {
            "href": "https://api.bog.ge/payments/v1/receipt/{order_id}"
        },
        "redirect": {
            "href": "https://payment.bog.ge/?order_id={order_id}"
        }
    }
}

```