[Skip to main content](https://api.bog.ge/docs/en/payments/standard-process/get-payment-details#docusaurus_skipToContent_fallback)

This method allows businesses to receive detailed information about an online payment using its identifier.

### Header parameters [​](https://api.bog.ge/docs/en/payments/standard-process/get-payment-details\#header-parameters "Direct link to Header parameters")

#### Authorizationrequired`Basic <base64>`

The meaning `Bearer <jwt_token>` is transmitted, where `jwt_token` is the meaning returned to the access\_token parameter of the Response method.

### Path parameter [​](https://api.bog.ge/docs/en/payments/standard-process/get-payment-details\#path-parameter "Direct link to Path parameter")

#### order\_idrequired`string`

The order identifier returned to the online shop in the response of the create order request.

- CURL

```codeBlockLines_e6Vv
curl -X GET 'https://api.bog.ge/payments/v1/receipt/:order_id' \
-H 'Authorization: Bearer <token>'

```

## Response [​](https://api.bog.ge/docs/en/payments/standard-process/get-payment-details\#response "Direct link to Response")

#### order\_id`string`

The online payment identifier.

#### industry`string`

The business industry, defined during its registration.

#### capture`string`

The authorization method, always - `automatic`.
transaction type with two possible meanings:

- `automatic` \- a standard order
- `manual` \- a pre-authorization order

#### external\_order\_id`string`

The payment identifier from the business system (e.g., a purchase basket identifier).

#### client`object`

The business information.

#### client.id`string`

The business identifier in the bank system.

#### client.brand\_ka`string`

The business Georgian name.

#### client.brand\_en`string`

The business English name.

#### client.url`string`

The business web-site address.

#### zoned\_create\_date`string`

The order creation date in Coordinated Universal Time ( UTC). It follows the format "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.ssssssZ".

#### zoned\_expire\_date`string`

The order expiration date in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). It follows the format "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.ssssssZ".

#### order\_status`object`

Order status.

#### order\_status.key`string`

The status gets the following meanings:

- `created` \- payment request is created
- `processing` \- payment is being processed
- `completed` \- payment process has been completed
- `rejected` \- payment process has been unsuccessfully completed
- `refund_requested` \- refund of the amount is requested
- `refunded` \- payment amount has been returned
- `refunded_partially` \- payment amount has been partially refunded
- `auth_requested` \- pre-authorize payment is requested
- `blocked` \- pre-authorize payment has been completed successfully, but payment amount is blocked and waiting for confirmation
- `partial_completed` \- pre-authorize payment partial amount has been confirmed successfully

#### order\_status.value`string`

Description.

#### buyer`object`

The buyer information.

#### buyer.full\_name`string`

The buyer's full name.

#### buyer.email`string`

The buyer's email.

#### buyer.phone\_number`string`

The buyer's phone number.

#### purchase\_units`object`

Information on the purchased products.

#### purchase\_units.request\_amount`string`

The requested amount of the order.

#### purchase\_units.transfer\_amount`string`

The processed amount of the order.

#### purchase\_units.refund\_amount`string`

The refunded amount.

#### purchase\_units.currency\_code`string`

Currency.

#### purchase\_units.items`array`

The list of the purchased products/services.

#### purchase\_units.items\[\].external\_item\_id`string`

The purchased product/service identifier in the business system.

#### purchase\_units.items\[\].description`string`

The name (description) of the purchased product/service.

#### purchase\_units.items\[\].quantity`string`

The quantity (volume) of each product/service.

#### purchase\_units.items\[\].unit\_price`string`

The purchased product/service unit price.

#### purchase\_units.items\[\].unit\_discount\_price`string`

The volume of the deducted amount on the product/service unit in case of discount payment.

#### purchase\_units.items\[\].vat`string`

The value added tax (VAT) of the purchased product/service.

#### purchase\_units.items\[\].vat\_percent`string`

The percentage of value added tax (VAT) of the purchased product/service.

#### purchase\_units.items\[\].total\_price`string`

The total price of the purchased product/service.

#### purchase\_units.items\[\].package\_code`string`

The product code of the purchased product/service.

#### purchase\_units.items\[\].tin`string`

The taxpayer identification number (TIN).

#### purchase\_units.items\[\].pinfl`string`

The personal identification number of an individual (PINFL).

#### purchase\_units.basket\[\].product\_discount\_idoptional`string`

Product discount identifier. If a discount promotion is registered in the bank with the provided value, taking into account the terms of the discount, the corresponding promotion will be applied to the order.

#### redirect\_links`object`

The business web-pages, to which customers can be re-directed from the online payment system upon completion of the transaction.

#### redirect\_links.fail`string`

The web-address in the case of transaction failure.

#### redirect\_links.success`string`

The web-address in the case of transaction success.

#### payment\_detail`object`

Payment details.

#### payment\_detail.transfer\_method`string`

Payment method.

#### payment\_detail.transfer\_method.key`string`

The payment method gets the following meanings:

- `card` \- payment by a bank card
- `google_pay` \- payment through Google Pay
- `apple_pay` \- payment through Apple Pay
- `bog_p2p` \- transferring by a customer of the Bank of Georgia, internet or mobile banking
- `bog_loyalty` \- payment by BoG MR/Plus points
- `bnpl` \- payment in installments
- `bog_loan` \- standard bank installment plan.

#### payment\_detail.transfer\_method.value`string`

Description.

#### payment\_detail.transaction\_id`string`

Transaction identifier.

#### payment\_detail.payer\_identifier`string`

A payer's identifier, according to the `transfer_method`, gets various meanings:

- `card`/ `google_pay` – the card’s encoded number is returned (PAN)[5](https://api.bog.ge/docs/en/payments/terms-used)
- `apple_pay` – a device-specific number assigned to your card by Apple is returned
- `bog_p2p`/ `bog_loyalty` – the account name is returned
- `bog_loan`/ `bnpl` – the first letter of a customer name is returned.

#### payment\_detail.payment\_option`string`

Payment method. The following values can be returned:

- `direct_debit` \- card payment
- `recurrent` \- payment by the saved card
- `subscription` \- automatic payment by the saved card.

#### payment\_detail.card\_type`string`

The type of card used for payment. The parameter takes its value during the card payment:

- `amex` \- American Express
- `mc` \- Mastercard
- `visa` \- Visa.

#### payment\_detail.card\_expiry\_date`string`

Expiration date (month/year) of the card with which the payment was made. The parameter takes value at the time of card payment.

#### payment\_detail.request\_account\_tag`string`

E-commerce POS identifier requested in the order.

#### payment\_detail.transfer\_account\_tag`string`

E-commerce POS identifier on which the payment was processed.

#### payment\_detail.saved\_card\_type`string`

Saved card type. Possible values are listed below:

- `recurrent` \- Card saved for client initiated future payments.
- `subscription` \- Card saved for automatic, subscription payments with fixed amount and details.

#### payment\_detail.parent\_order\_id`string`

If payment was initiated using saved card, saved card order Id is given.

#### payment\_detail.code`string`

Payment Response Code.

#### payment\_detail.code\_description`string`

Payment Response Code Description.

#### payment\_detail.auth\_code`string`

Card, Google Pay or Apple Pay Payment Authorization Code.

#### discount`object`

Discount details, that was applied on the payment

#### discount.bank\_discount\_amount`string`

Bank Discount Amount

#### discount.bank\_discount\_desc`string`

Bank Discount Description

#### discount.system\_discount\_amount`string`

Card system discount amount

#### discount.system\_discount\_desc`string`

Card system discount description

#### discount.discounted\_amount`string`

Amount after discount

#### discount.original\_order\_amount`string`

Original amount

#### actions`array`

The list of actions associated with an order.

#### actions\[\].action\_id`string`

The action identifier.

#### actions\[\].request\_channel`string`

The channel, from which the action was initiated:

- `public_api` \- online payments API
- `business_manager` \- business manager website
- `support` \- BOG inner system.

#### actions\[\].action`string`

The action type:

- `authorize` \- confirmation of pre-authorize payment
- `partial_authorize` \- confirmation of pre-authorize payment
- `cancel_authorize` \- rejection of pre-authorize payment
- `refund` \- refund
- `partial_refund` \- partially refund

#### actions\[\].status`string`

The action status:

- `completed` \- action has been completed successfully
- `rejected` \- has been completed unsuccessfully

#### actions\[\].zoned\_action\_date`string`

The date when the action was initiated in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). It follows the format "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.ssssssZ".

#### actions\[\].amount`string`

The amount associated with the action.

#### lang`string`

The interface language found by a customer after re-directing to the online payment page. There are two meanings:

- `ka` \- Kartuli (Georgian)
- `en` \- English

#### reject\_reason`string`

The reason for payment failure. The parameter takes value only if the order failed ("order\_status": "rejected"). takes the following values:

- `expiration` \- the order has expired
- `unknown` \- an unidentified reason.
- `Payment Response Code Description` \- Payment rejection reason, initiated by card, Google Pay or Apple Pay. See full list of Response codes [here](https://api.bog.ge/docs/en/payments/response-codes).

- RESPONSE

```codeBlockLines_e6Vv
{
    "order_id": "a767a276-cddd-43ec-9db3-9f9b39eee02d",
    "industry": "ecommerce",
    "capture": "manual",
    "external_order_id": "123456",
    "client": {
        "id": "10000",
        "brand_ka": "საქართველოს ბანკი",
        "brand_en": "BOG",
        "url": "https://api.bog.ge"
    },
    "zoned_create_date": "2022-11-01T13:19:43.021178Z",
    "zoned_expire_date": "2022-11-01T13:39:43.021178Z",
    "order_status": {
        "key": "refunded",
        "value": "დაბრუნებული"
    },
    "buyer": {
        "full_name": "John Doe",
        "email": "johndoe@gmail.com",
        "phone_number": "+995555000000"
    },
    "purchase_units": {
        "request_amount": "100.5",
        "transfer_amount": "0.0",
        "refund_amount": "100.5",
        "currency_code": "GEL",
        "items": [\
            {\
                "external_item_id": "id_1",\
                "description": "product 1",\
                "quantity": "1",\
                "unit_price": "25.35",\
                "unit_discount_price": "0",\
                "vat": "0",\
                "vat_percent": "0",\
                "total_price": "25.35",\
                "package_code": "A000123",\
                "tin": null,\
                "pinfl": null,\
                "product_discount_id": "BF222R5"\
            }\
        ]
    },
    "redirect_links": {
        "success": "https://payment.bog.ge/receipt?order_id=a767a276-cddd-43ec-9db3-9f9b39eee02d",
        "fail": "https://payment.bog.ge/receipt?order_id=a767a276-cddd-43ec-9db3-9f9b39eee02d"
    },
    "payment_detail": {
        "transfer_method": {
            "key": "card",
            "value": "ბარათით გადახდა"
        },
        "code": "100",
        "code_description": "Successful payment",
        "transaction_id": "230513868679",
        "payer_identifier": "548888xxxxxx9893",
        "payment_option": "direct_debit",
        "card_type": "mc",
        "card_expiry_date": "03/24",
        "request_account_tag": "1212",
        "transfer_account_tag": "gev2",
        "saved_card_type": "recurrent",
        "parent_order_id": "8d52130d-cb1b-45ea-b048-0f040a44e2a3"
    },
    "discount": {
      "bank_discount_amount": "string",
      "bank_discount_desc": "string",
      "discounted_amount": "string",
      "original_order_amount": "string",
      "system_discount_amount": "string",
      "system_discount_desc": "string"
    },
    "actions": [\
        {\
            "action_id": "b70968ca-eda9-47ae-8811-26fd1ab733f8",\
            "request_channel": "public_api",\
            "action": "authorize",\
            "status": "completed",\
            "zoned_action_date": "2022-11-28T13:42:40.668439Z",\
            "amount": "100.5"\
        },\
        {\
            "action_id": "a89b872a-9700-4025-b3fb-047cbba7a5e6",\
            "request_channel": "business_manager",\
            "action": "refund",\
            "status": "completed",\
            "zoned_action_date": "2022-11-28T13:58:03.427939Z",\
            "amount": "100.5"\
        }\
    ],
    "lang": "ka",
    "reject_reason": null
}

```